The Joe Rogan experience. So well, you know,
there is good evidence that lionsmane also, uh, compensates in many of these,
uh, neuroogenic benefits. That's also stuff all the time.
This is like a lions man. Deixer that? I, I pour tell me if that any good. Well,
it from China and is that bad? Um,
every Chinese expert I've met,
they said I wouldn't dare buy a mushroom from China. Geez, Jesus Christ.
So this is, we have a spoonable lions, man. I see what you got. And uh,
I put that in smoothies all the time and that's my go-to and that's what exactly
the research. Can I put it in coffee? Yeah, I put it in coffee and Jamie do,
can you pull up that? How much should I put in there?
The neurogenesis benefits of lions main? How much should I put in? Oh,
it's open. It's not open yet, right? No, it's how much should I put in there?
I put a,
about a teaspoon teaspoon and it stird in about that,
but the, the neuro that's good. And the neurogenes the,
this company in France that we did the neuroogenic test with found that the
mysilllium was far more active than the mushroom fruit pot.
And so the lions main stimulates, uh,
neuroite outgrowth and basically extends the nerves from, from,
uh, from growing compared to baseline. Yeah.
So in seven to 12 days of substantial up to 22% increase
in neuro uh, outgrowth, what we found was actually there was one was, um,
at 8%, one was at 12% and then, um, separately,
we stacked it with an analog of soulsybin and rather than then being the earth
medic earthmatic additive of cumulative, we found the synergy.
So we think that lionsma,
the research is shown increases Mylin regeneration on the sheath of
the nerves and theilocy proliferates nerve tip growth.
So it should conceivably help you learn. This is, so this is an example,
this is unexpected result. This islysna meinium, uh,
showing a 14, uh, you know, basically a 14.8% of a baseline.
Then we have ail Ibin analog that didn't do all that. Great.
Which analog is this again? This is a, I'm gonna cribe the analog for now. Okay.
Uh, for obvious reasons, but it's a legal analog. It creates a 7%,
uh outgreth of neuro, but then we stacked it with lionsman. Uh,
and, and the sy<inaudible> analog. There's a theoretical additive effect,
one 14 plus 1 0 7 1 22,
but we got 1 36 statistically significant the outlier actually is even higher.
So the neuro neuro,
the neuro scientists in France that did this study was extremely excited.
And we found that, and the more we titrated it to greater dilution,
the more active it becomes. What's that mean, well, what titrate?
What does that mean? Well,
may the we're Del it and it is our human cellspoent stem cells.
And what we found was originally, uh,
we were told it is called three micrograms, uh,
per milligram or three micrograms and millionth ofmogram. Um,
but when we went back to, to, uh,
0.0 300 times less,
the neurogenic benefits became greater.
Now there's something called the PK conversion. The,
the pharmacokineetics when you ingest something only a,
a small portion of it may make it into your bloodstream. So,
but the good news is,
is that these things are so non-toxic and they're so potent now
looking at the dosing regimen, it appears so far,
we haven't done this clinically. This is human cells in vitro,
but this laboratory is predictive of neuroogenic compounds. Um,
that these PO the neuroogenic benefits are so substantial, uh,
that the PK conversion of ingesting them could be seen in the bloodstream,
um, as a fairly good conversion rate. So you, for instance,
if you take, um,
vanillaic acid vanilla about 2% will make it into your bloodstream.
So if you take a one whole gram of vanilla,
only 2% actually get gets in your bloodstream. So that that's the PK conversion.
So what we're seeing is right now,
the potency of this is so strong at lower and lower dilutions.
We're getting more and more potency. So I'm, this is, yeah, it's a,
it's a, I like to say dilution is a solution to profitability.
The more we dilute, the more potent it becomes.
So this is why the neuroscientists in France are doing the study going this
stuff is potent, please. Dilut it. Dilut it. Dilut it. So, wow.
And so we're, we see this as a tremendous horizon, um,
that lionain's legal,
it's an edible and choice mushroom thousand year history of use. Um,
I, we found that my sillium is far more potent in the mushrooms for really good
reasons. <affirmative> the, the com some of the compounds are called anaines.
And these are actually discovered by kaghishhi in 1994,
looking for an antibacteriaal agent. And so when they,
when he was looking at the myilllium, uh, fighting bacteribacteria,
he found that the myilllium expressed this antibacterial Yhan and derivative,
and he gave it the name anaine after Hericium,
anaius just like penicillin named after penicilium.
And so he'd stumbled on the fact that it has neuroogenic properties and
antiactbacteriaial properties.
So the micilium is navigating through the ground through a hostile environments,
only one cell wall thick it, the,
my isilllium has an immune system that's operational between like 40 degrees
Fahrenheit and 95 degrees Fahrenheit, you know, 35 degrees Celsius. That's,
that's, that's the window that it's growing in.
So its immune system is operative in that window.
When you do super hot water extracts, you're in the extreme zone.
That's not part of the immunological lifespan of the mushroom. You're,
decocting it you're taking out ingredients, but you're not harnessing, uh,
within the meological, uh,
window of temperatures that the micilllium has evolved to fight off pathogens.
And so what we have found is the,
my isilium is far more active than the fruit bodies. This is all new science,
but then mushroom references.com.
It is populated with dozens upon dozens of peerviewed articles,
showing the myilium is far more active than the fruit bodies and, um,
a whole genome sequencing of raychi for instance, found 25 more,
25% more genes coding for proteins are expressed at the
myial state than at the mushroom state. Well,
it makes sense because the mushrooms at the end of millions of cell divisions
over months, years,
even decades finally produced a mushroom that rots in five days, right?
The mushroom doesn't need a good immune system is attracting Michael vores,
animals, deer. Um, you know, John just showed me some photograph. So, um,
he's gonna show you, he was in a campground and found deer in the morning,
digging up mushrooms out of the ground. Well, animals engaged mushrooms, your,
your, one of your colleagues here, or maybe it's Jeff, I'm sorry.
Jeff. One of the guys who works here. Yeah, yeah. Oh, okay.
Yeah. Oh, okay. Um, so the idea, but, but anyway, mushrooms attract, uh, people,
animals, um, because they're frequent, uh, they're protein,
they're nutritionally dense, and they want to engage humans.
The micilllium is navigating through a microbilia hostile environment.
And a report came out in the literature of a thousand species of bacteria and a
single gram there's more than eight miles of micilium and a to say, well,
cubic inch.
So the myilllium is navigating through a hostile microbial environment is
setting up, uh,
guilds and microbiomes and collections of cooperating bacteria that can help
them defend against pathogens. Look at that.
Estimated up to eight miles of myscellium in a single inch of soil.
And it's only one cell wall thick. That's such.
A weird looking. So it's.
So hard to see what that is.
That's a mushroom that's melted back into the ground. Wow. Is mycillium,
that's just now the mushroomsgenerate mycillium and it goes underneath the
ground. So every time you're walking on the ground,
you're walking upon miles upon miles of myilllium and it knows that you're
there. It, these are sensitive. These are not only externalized stomachs.
There are digesting nutrients and externalized lungs exhaling, carbon oxide,
inhaling oxygen. But I believe these are, uh, extent, uh,
neurological networks of nature.
When you see that pervasiveness of those cells and the climate change scientists
are coming around to this 70% of the carbon biologically is stored in myilllium
in the ground. The way to fight climate change is not only replanting trees,
which is great. I love it. Uh,
but it's the myicial networks you're building in the Humis that creates the soil
that creates the biodiversity, that then guarantees the health of the ecosystem.
So it's the myceial networks that govern, cuz they're so pervasive,
they set up because they're antibacteriaal properties,
they're pro bacteribacteriaal properties. Um,
and another example of this is in the microbiome of soils and inside human
stomachs, uh, Turkey, tail mushrooms, and a placebo controlled,
uh, uh, random, uh, uh, uh,
a randomized clinical study with humans, uh,
from a sun scientist associated with Harvard found that turkeytail mysilium is a
prebiotic for the microbiome that feeds, uh,
bifido bacterium lelactopbacills, uh, and suppresses cloriddium,
which is an inflammatory bacterium. So it's really,
really an interesting that the micilllium is feeding nutrients to
the beneficial bacteria within the microbiome that then gives us health.
And so, uh, it's,
these are precursor nutrients that elevate the populations of the beneficial
bacteria. So the two go hand in hand. Now what about edible.
Mushrooms? Things like shitakki and those type of mushrooms,
is there any nutritional benefit.
To those things? Uh, enormous nutritional benefit.
And there's been two also meta studies that have come out this year, um,
showing, um, that, um, the ingestion of, of, um,
of,
of mushrooms with elderly people over the age of 60 there's a 50%,
uh, decrease odds of alzheimer'slike symptoms,
a population of people consuming three mushroom meals per week.
Now they didn't specify the mushrooms as not a Singapore. Um,
but the mushrooms that are commonly eating are oyster mushrooms,
Chi talking and shamaji and may, and maybe some of some other mushrooms,
but that's that's once meta study that came out,
there was a study out of Japan from Dr. Ikikawa, uh,
at the national cancer center that found statistically significant reduction in
cancers across the board, I think 162,000 people in this data set.
And he was sent over the naanafe perfecture to look for this.
Now these are edible and delicious mushrooms also empower the immune system
again, signal from the noise,
statistically significant reduction in overall cancer rates associated with a
food, the division now between, you know,
foods and medicines is blurred.
And yet it speaks to hippocratees in a,
in dioccl varieties stating that let food be I medicine and medicine to be like
food. So it's interesting because, uh, physicians have been taught, you know,
this sort of monomolecular approach to medicine.
And now we're realizing that these foods are essential nutrients for your immune
system, that, that, uh, downregulates inflammation. It's so interesting.
That we're learning all this during our lifetime too.
So you think that would all be.
Established by now? Well, I'm,
I'm glad you asked that we have a paper coming out in the next, uh,
two or three days, maybe in the next week and this on, uh, Turkey tail meicium,
um,
the grown on rice and we were able to find out something that no one had really
reported in the literature. The,
the traditional Chinese medicine approach is that these are immunomodulators.
They help the immune system, but they also are not inflammatory.
When you have an immune response,
oftentimes associated with an inflammatory response, blood rushes to the wound.
You inflame, you have all these,
these compounds that are being produced by the blood to, to suppress, uh,
in infection,
but you can overampmp the immune system and have an a pro-flammatory response
that can cause a lot of oxidative stress damage collaterally.
And so the article that that's just coming out with BMC, um, um,
bio central, um, uh,
alternative a compliary medicine peer reviewed, um,
we have found that the micilllium when it grows on rice,
bioferments the rice to then produce a unique immunological
response that upregulatees, what's called interleukin one RA and interleukin 10.
These are anti-inflammatory, uh, cytokines.
And so the myilllium doesn't do the mushrooms don't do that,
but the myilllium is biofermented the rice, uh, like Tempe is,
is transfformed or like yogurt comes from milk
because of, of a lelactovaccius or aciddohas.
And that transformation then makes it novel product.
We found the same thing that they,
the rice compared to the rice control has no anti-inflammatory properties.
The micilllium because of the excellularator metabolites changes the rice into a
unique immunological product that excites the expression of
anti-inflammatory compounds while also exciting the pro-immune response.
So it's a buffered response.
So.